Get loadout from units (#111)
gruppe-adler/gruppe_adler_mod: addons/getLoadoutsFromUnits/ReadMe.md

> #### getLoadoutFromUnits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### getLoadoutFromUnits
```

> This adds a menu entry to the 3den mouse menu, which enables the user to get the loadout from selected units. This loadout is pre formated for grad-loadout. It is copyed to the clipboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adds a menu entry to the 3den mouse menu, which enables the user to get the loadout from selected units. This loadout is preformatted for grad-loadout. It is copied to the clipboard.
```
